Rendezvous’17 Accommodation Policy
1. Accommodation will be provided in secured air-conditioned Hostel Common Rooms in the campus of IIT Delhi and it will be separate for boys and girls.
2. Each student, registered under the Accommodation Policy, will be provided with a mattress, bedding and pillow only but they will have to make their own food arrangements. It shall be noted that no toiletries or buckets would be provided.
3. Payment for accommodation will only be accepted in cash (card payments are not accepted) and the procedure will take place at the Registration Desk, located near the Biotech Lawns in the campus. Location for the same is mentioned on IIT Delhi map, which shall be displayed at the entrance of the Main Gate.
4. All registered students can avail the accommodation services for 1-2/3-4/5-6 days from 11th October’17 (evening) to 16th October’17.
5. All registered students must bring their valid college identity card and a passport size photograph, for the insurance of the Accommodation Pass.
6. The staggered accommodation charges for the fest are Rs 1200(for 1-2 days), Rs 1600 (for 3-4 days) and Rs 2000 (for 5-6 days). These charges are fully non-refundable under circumstances of any nature.
7. On reaching the IIT Delhi campus, each student would be given an Accommodation Pass after the payment of the aforementioned charges. It is mandatory for all registered students to carry this pass throughout their stay at the campus.
8. The check-out time is 10 AM on the following day. Students should strictly vacate the common rooms once the period of their registration ends, failing which a fine of 1000/- will be imposed and their belongings will be put outside the common rooms for which Rendezvous team will not be responsible.
9. Each registered student is allowed to have a maximum of two luggage bags.
10. Allotment of the rooms made by the Rendezvous team will be final and binding.
11. Rendezvous, IIT Delhi does not bear any responsibility for any material loss during your stay at the campus. It is recommended that you carry minimum amount of valuable items.
12. Please be cautious during the stay. The registered student is responsible and liable for any breakages or damage that is caused during their stay in the allotted room, including any accidents that may occur. If any damage is caused, the concerned student is liable to pay full cost of replacement or repair.